All right.
Let's make sure that as soon as time left goes to zero or below, we display some simple text that says,
sorry, but this order has expired.
Now, the first thing I want to do here, you'll notice that we had a defaulted use date right here
or a time left piece of state to empty string.
That doesn't really make a lot of sense.
Let's have it.
Get or give that thing a default value of just zero instead.
So now after effect, I'm going to add in a little check.
I'm going to say if time left is less than zero.
Then let's return a div.
That says order expired.
Yet.
Let's save flip back over order expired naturally.
Let's make sure that's not being displayed all the time.
So I'm going to create yet another order.
Okay.
So there's the timer.
And now as soon as it goes into the negatives, it should update and say order expired instead, just
to make sure this thing works.
I'm going to pause the video right here.
I'm going to let my timer count down and then come back in just a moment and we'll just make sure that,
yes, this thing does update appropriately.